sup guys this is Tyler with bored
insiders I'm getting ready to do the
flex test on the lobster jib board this
is a 151 centimetre board and a regular
camber profile super mellow camber and
then it's also got the spooned edges or
raised contact points so it's got a
little bit of a 3d profile on the tips
and the tail somewhere right around the
binding area poor insiders real riders
real reviews whoo we got a noodle here
first thing I always do is just tip and
back and forth not giving it any leg
muscle just seeing where the board bends
and uh if you can see what I'm feeling
this board bends everywhere spending in
the middle of the board it's bending
under the inserts and then a little bit
more even after the inserts torsionally
this is a limp noodle as well
super easy to lift my feet lift my toes
or lift my heels and keep the other foot
flat on the ground whoo so all the
lobster boards come equipped with what
we call triple base which is the raised
contact points there's actually three
different base profiles on the each tip
and tail and I really don't feel too
much of a difference on the Flex test
with the triple base this boards just
feeling bendy you could just do a
wheelie down the mountain we're let go
all right so this is the lobster 151 jib
board you're gonna be able to do those
tail presses just like a knife through
hot butter on this thing boom look at
that you could just bend it in to bend
it in half and just hold it whoo the
ends are so soft though it feels like
you might get a little bit wishy-washy
out there so this is probably strictly a
jib board probably not for the big
booters I imagine if you land in the
back seat on this you're just gonna keep
going back see till you're on your ass
so this is the lobster 151 jib board
with triple base tech and that is the
max flex
[Music]
for the latest snowboard reviews check
out board insiders calm